very good guys and welcome again
another tutorial in the car
well this is not a tutorial like that
say it but let's see me stay
the last time without testing you
that little takes care of me in the real car
when I leave it here
to my parents
and we did not do a sound test like
God sends then I will not put this
here
and we are going to
try because we did not do a test of
sound because
I did not wear the one that forgot me again
I've only lost
I had pendrive
if I have it there so I'm going to take the
camera of a pendrive
let's take the camera and we have here
Well, the sound equipment that is
a room you saw when we installed it
a princeton mp3 v I do not know what I do not know
how many are we going to put the pendrive and
it will turn on automatically puts
welcome usb
behind
let's choose a song without copyright
without copyright
let's start the car also clear
here we have it
and it sounds good, it sounds very good
true
good very good
we have there
It will be superbly true guys
you hope that the low ones come now
low the low
equalizer everything we have activated
to make it sound
sign
I hope you liked this guys
brief introduction are 52 watts by 4
channels plus a sub that we hope to put you
see you in the next
good